---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-29T00:57:31.187Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-29T00:57:11.363Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-29-afbcfda3-f519-4040-9dc7-09f6f2cdc6c0.md
published: true
url: afbcfda3-f519-4040-9dc7-09f6f2cdc6c0/index.html
_type: Article

---
Fear..

Why am I afraid? Does this fear have a reason, or is this fear created because of the unknown circumstances of the foreseeable future?

I have recently learned that I am a flight risk. Fight or flight, I'm going to fly away so fast it would make your head spin. Since learning that I'm a flier, I have decided, consciously, that I will face fear head on. I will face any fear that doesn't put me into physical danger of course.

I recently accepted a new job offer in the start of the new year that's looming around the corner. I was going to turn it down at first because of fear. I was afraid of failing, the commute, the corporate-ness of it all, and that frightened me to death. It was time to ask myself why. Why did all of this scare me? I literally had to stop myself and ask the question. What was the point of going through the arduous interview process to turn down something I thought I had wanted?

Within those questions I found the answer. There was nothing to be afraid of!! If I didn't accept the job for fear of failure, I already failed. If I didn't accept the job because the commute was too much, I can't really consider myself a dweller of the silicon valley; after-all, the normal commute is an hour-ish anyway. If I didn't accept the job because I didn't feel like I belonged there, they wouldn't have offered a me a position anyways. Life is throwing me an awesome bone and I seriously debated not taking it! I had been running from Life and the opportunities to be great at something. 

Everything that happens, I believe, happens for a reason. I was offered a position with this great company because I have something they desire within their system. It might not be my talents at selling, I certainly doubt it. It might not be my fantastic fashion-sense, it wouldn't because it's a tech company. It certainly isn't because I am silver-tongued, although I do wish I could talk my way in and out of things. My honest opinion of why I was hired is because of my personality, my drive to be more than I am, and my positive outlook on situations and life.

I have told many associates and new-hires before that I can teach them how to fold a shirt and use a cash register but I cannot teach them how to be nice and charismatic. If I hired people based on skill alone, my stores would have been forever understaffed. We can learn skills that are taught, we can do everything we are told to become great. We cannot be something we are unwilling to work towards. I was a very depressed person when I was in high school. My mother literally called me a worry wart. I say now, that I didn't have anything to worry about, but I did. Struggling with your identity in high school is always a big deal, but we can get into it later. 

I say I didn't have anything to worry about because I was provided for, I had want for nothing. But I did get to a point in my depression where I said, "This is stupid, why do I feel so bad for myself? No one else feels bad for me. Get over it and become an awesome, fun, and happy person. You matter!!"

It took a few years, but I won. It comes and it goes, but ultimately I have become so much more than I was, and this new opportunity is going to take me even farther. I am quite thrilled. Who knows where I will end up in the next few years!!!!